[Music]
strange things that can only happen in
india
[Music]
welcome to india where you'll see soda
being used as a pesticide
ids for cows the world's most expensive
house and so much more
[Music]
one six seasons in a year
according to the hindu calendar there
are six seasons
the familiar summer fall winter and
spring seasons as well as the monsoon
season
and winter's eve season spring is called
the king of seasons
and it's a good time to visit india if
you want to see some holy celebrations
the nicest time of year in terms of
weather is probably winter's eve season
this is when diwali the most important
hindu festival
takes place
two a specific head gesture for agreeing
instead of nodding up and down like
we're used to indians bobble their heads
from side to side in agreement
this gesture is so unique to the culture
that it's even known as the
indian head shake depending on the
context it's something between
okay and i understand it can also be a
substitute for thank you
in any case it's always affirmative
three extremely polluted air in major
cities
[Music]
of course a lot of big cities all over
the world have air pollution
but it's on a whole other level in india
factory emissions and car exhausts cause
smog which makes breathing difficult for
both citizens and visitors there
just one day in delhi is equal to
smoking about 50 cigarettes
fortunately the government is working on
solving the problem
they're improving emission monitoring
and have started rating plants according
to pollution levels
4. all the world's major religions
although 80 percent of indians practice
hinduism
this country includes all the world's
major religions plus more
you'll meet followers of islam
christianity sikhism
judaism buddhism jainism and lots of
smaller indigenous faiths all in one
place
now that's impressive
[Music]
5. home to the biggest family in the
world
the world's biggest family lives in
india's batwang village
zionna china has 39 wives 94 kids and
over 40 grandchildren
and his family just keeps growing they
all live together in a 100 room house
a regular family dinner for them
consists of 30 chickens
pounds of potatoes and 220 pounds of
rice
the 72 year old head of the family
explains that
all his wives actually asked him to
marry them and he just couldn't say no
and he plans to keep expanding the
family now
that's what i call extended family
8. the second largest english-speaking
country in the world
[Music]
when you think of english-speaking
countries do you immediately bring to
mind the usa
the uk canada and australia well next
time
don't forget about india second only to
the u.s
india has around 125 million english
speakers
oh and that's only ten percent of their
population
[Music]
seven policemen are paid for having
mustaches
indian police officers get a bonus if
they have a mustache
apparently the idea is that mustaches
make men more reputable and manly
plus it's an essential feature of indian
folklore the difference in pay rate is
actually only 30 rupees
which is about 50 cents but hey that
adds up over time
eight cows carry id
in the indian state of west bengal every
cow is given its own photo id card
this is done to prevent cow smuggling to
bangladesh
which is right across the border the
government of india wants to expand this
project across the entire country
and actually plans to invest 7.8 million
dollars in giving the nation's cows a
12-digit identity number
each this will be done to monitor
vaccination and breeding cycles
and would double the dairy sector's
income by 2022
9. spices galore
75 of all spices on the world market are
produced in india
making it the world's leader in spice
production it
exports 180 kinds of spices over 160
countries
spices are so powerful here that one of
them is even used as a non-toxic
weapon the military consider butt
jolokia or
ghost pepper great for making tear
gas-like hand grenades
now that's spicy
10. low divorce rate
only one marriage out of a hundred ends
in divorce in india
so what's their secret to such marital
stability
most people believe this has to do with
religion marriage here is a holy union
not an official agreement arranged
marriages might also be a factor
the families often choose the best life
partner for their child
plus married couples don't want to
dishonor their families with a divorce
11. pre-wedding detectives
to make sure their children will have a
happily ever after marriage
some indian families hire private
detectives to investigate the
prospective bride or groom
their financial situation bad habits
like drinking or smoking
previous relationships and personality
are the main things the detectives are
hired to check out
12. home of the love commandos
in india there's a group called the love
commandos
it's a non-profit that supports couples
from different castes
and are being harassed and even killed
for the controversial inter-cast
relationship
journalists lawyers human rights
activists and businessmen
work as volunteers to give these
oppressed lovers shelter
legal advice and protection
13. no lux no worries
shawnee signapur is a temple town in
maharashtra
where residents have no doors or locks
in their houses or shops
they believe their property is under the
protection of lord
shawnee so any burglar will be punished
by turning blind
and anyone who's dishonest will get
seven years of bad luck
even the bank doesn't have a regular
lock on it instead
there's a glass panel with a remote
controlled electromagnetic lock
almost impossible to see
14. an innovative way to use soda
indian farmers use coca-cola and pepsi
instead of expensive pesticides to
protect their crops
the manufacturers of these beverages
deny this fact of course but
agricultural scientists confirm that
carbohydrates and sugar
actually improve plants immunity to
pests think about that next time you
reach for one of these drinks
[Music]
15. gold-clad housewives
indian housewives own 11 of the world's
gold
that's more than the combined stocks of
the u.s switzerland
germany and the international monetary
fund
that means they actually have over 18
000 tons of gold worth more than 950
billion dollars
they call it perceived wealth and refuse
to give it up even
in times of crisis
16. skyscraper home
business tycoon mukesh ambani is the
richest man in the country
and his mumbai residence is the most
expensive house
in the world worth around 2 billion
this 27 story skyscraper called antilla
is occupied by the ambani family and
their 600 person staff who take care of
the property around the clock
there's a 50-seat home theater parking
lots for 160 cars
a spa a gym three helipads
and we'd be here all day naming all the
extravagant luxuries this family's
skyscrapers house includes moving on
17. the monkey menace
dally faces a real problem with an
overpopulation of monkeys roaming the
city
they cause chaos in the metro and in
front of government buildings
and are even known to attack people to
solve this problem
monkey handlers are hired to train and
take care of a fierce looking langer to
scare them off
so i guess it's fighting fire with fire
or
monkey with monkey
18. the mystery of sentinel island
india controls sentinel island in the
bay of bengal a territory that remains
virtually untouched by modern
civilization
the island is perhaps the hardest place
in the world to visit
the sentinelese are a hunter-gatherer
society that don't welcome outsiders
and basically kill anyone who gets too
close to their lance
things remain here today exactly how
they were thousands of years ago
19. the land of great inventions
[Music]
india is the homeland of chess the
indigenous name of this game is
chaturanga meaning four divisions of an
army
namely elephants chariots calvary and
infantry chess isn't the only thing
invented in india
we can also thank the bright minds of
this country for cataract surgery
wireless communication fiber optics
metallurgy
cotton cultivation and everyday items
such as buttons
rulers weight scales flush toilets and
even shampoo
which of these facts surprised you the
most tell us in the comments section
don't forget to give this video a like
and subscribe to our channel to stay
with us
on the bright side